Name
	TBD

Genre
	Single player MMO healer simulator

Controls
	Control the player character by keyboard movements (WASD/Keys)
	Control the players allies with orders by mouse, and can set the units to aggressive/passive/defensive
	Cast healing/buff spells either on targeted allies, self cast, at mouseover or in an area

World
	Procedually generated
	Devided into chunks, further divided into tiles
	
Gameloop
	Multiple
	Progression based
		1. Alone
			The player has to run from mobs due to no offensive tools
			Find an injured adventurer (a tank)
			Get the choice to heal the adventurer
			If the player does the adventurer will swear loyalty to the player and join the player after a short dialogue

		2. Can now with the help of injured adventurer kill mobs as long as you keep the adventurer alive
			The player can now do more than the simple gathering stuff of floor quests
			Eventually the player will find a second adventurer that needs help (a dps)
			The dps will suggest doing a dungeon with just the three of them
			Wipe is all but garanteed
			The player will then be able to start recruiting more adventurers at an inn.
			Once a dungeon is cleared the clearing party members will want to stick with the healer and asks the player to lead a guild

		3. This is the start of the final? gameloop, the player can now select to send guild members out to do simple quests. Or the player can bring up to 2 of them with them to do more rewarding quests. The player can also form dungeon clearing teams, mix and matching the different guild members to beat differrent encounters

		4. Eventually the player will unlock raids which are technically just 25? person dungeons.

Guild members
	Name
	Class
		Simple, dumbdowned versions. These arent meant to be very that interesting, more flavor than substance
		The base line before other effects dps should be within 3-5% of worst and best class
		Armor type

		Tank
			Mitigation based tank
				Really efficient to heal but dies to quick burst
			Health pool tank
				Can almost never be oneshot but healing won't be as good on them as other tanks
			Evasion based tanks
				Very luck based, but can against slow attacking bosses go several seconds without needing a single heal
		Mdps
			Fast attacker
			Slow hard hitting attacker
			Dot based
		Rpds
			Kiting based
			Aoe based
			Dot based
		No healer as the player is the only healer.
	"Personality"
	Traits
		Can both be negative and positive
		Some of these are tiered
		"Cowardly"
			Always tries to flee bellow 25% hp
		"Selfish Interupter"
			If targeted by an enemy spell will interupt it with an internal cd
		"Masterful Interupter"
			Will always interupt the enemy if able to but deals 5% less damage
	Proffesion
		Allows the player to access the upgrades and gathering of resources outside the players chosen profession.
		Reduced expected gains based on personality and guild upgrades.
		The player can also assign certain jobs to instead of adding their "tax" in the form of resource donation they instead sell that portion and offers gold as tax
	Gear
		The player can assign gear upgrades
		Armor upgrades are very simple, offering mostly either armor and health for tanks and simple number buffs for dps
		Weapon upgrads should be more dynamic and feel like they have more of an impact
		Loot drama?


Proffesion
	Crafting proffesions
		Turns reagents into base line upgrades for all guildmembers of the professions armor type target
	Gathering profession
		Mini games that allows the player to do simple skill checks for a reward scaling with performance



Guild control
	Allows the player to recruit and kick members
	Upgrades
		Bunker
			Allows for more members

		Research lab
			Allows the player to upgrade certail abilities/gear/buildings

		Strategy hall
			Allows the player to constuct "plays"; set a key to cause the party members to do an action for example gather at a marked target

Town buildings
	Religious building
		Allows the player to replenish long cooldowns as well as mana/health
	Town hall
		A lot of quests are offered to the player/guild here
		A good place for part 2 and 3 to find more members
	Mine 
		Always "infested" by enemies, the player can clear them for a short while in return for gathering resources
	Lumberyard
		Player can buy resources for upgrading their guild hall
	Guild hall
		You have to tie your guild hall to a city, this choice isn't permanent but if you do change your old town won't like you as much.
